I saw the fire
in your eyes
I saw the fire when I
look into your eyes
You tell me things you want
to try
I know temptation is the
devil in disguise
You risk it all
to feel alive
You’re offering yourself
to me like sacrifice
You said you do this
all the time
Tell me you love me if I bring
you to the light
It’s like a dream what
she feels with me
She loves to be
on the edge
Her fantasy is okay
with me
Then suddenly baby says
Take my breath away
And make it last
forever babe
Do it now or never babe
Take my breath away
Nobody does it
better babe
Bring me close to
Want me to hold
on to you tight
You pull me closer feel the
heat between your thighs
You’re way too young
to end your life
Girl I don’t want to be the
one who pays the price
It’s like a dream what
she feels with me
She loves to be
on the edge
Her fantasy is okay
with me
Then suddenly baby says
Take my breath away
And make it last
forever babe
Do it now or never babe
Take my breath away
Nobody does it
better babe
Close to heaven babe
Take my breath
Ooh
Oh, oh-oh-ooh,
they'll see me
Oh-ooh, ooh-oh no
Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh, ooh-oh
Take my breath away
And make it last
forever, babe
Do it now or never, babe
Take my breath away
We’ll make love together,
babe
Bring me close
to heaven, babe
Take my breath
Oh darlin'
Take me breath
Nobody does it better babe
Bring me close
to heaven babe
Take my breath